[EH] drop 3.5 (#17753)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/eventhub/azure-eventhub/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

> ## 5.4.0 (Unreleased)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 5.4.0 (2021-04-07)
```

Reviewer: let's also update the release date 😉

> This version and all future versions will require Python 2.7 or Python 3.6+, Python 3.5 is no longer supported. This version also follows from version 5.3.1, rather than 5.4.0b1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version follows from version 5.3.1, rather than 5.4.0b1 so that the preview idempotent producer feature is not included.
```

> This version and all future versions will require Python 2.7 or Python 3.6+, Python 3.5 is no longer supported. This version also follows from version 5.3.1, rather than 5.4.0b1.

Reviewer: let's also copy and paste the 5.4.0b1 changelog item to here.
